Update release-announcement.md (#647)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/research-and-development/product/how-to-guides-for-product/release-announcement.md

### Timeline

A release announcement for each feature should be started early in the product planning process. Each Product Manager is directly responsible for writing the announcement for each of their features. For large product features or new products, a PRFAQ should be completed. For smaller features, a “mini-PRFAQ” should be completed in the form of a blog post. Below are the expected deadlines ("T-X" dates don't include holidays/weekends):

#### A. \(T-minus 14 working days\) Outline

> * Release Manager provides an outline of the release announcement and deadlines for Product Managers, along with a heads-up for Jack that the blog post is coming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Release Manager provides an outline of the release announcement and deadlines for Product Managers, along with a heads-up for Director of Product Marketing that the blog post is coming.
```

#### B. \(T-minus 9 working days\) First draft

* A draft of the release announcement and tweets are completed by Product Managers. Product Managers prepare the release announcement from their 2-pager documents.

#### C. \(T-minus 8 working days\) Lead Product Managers' Review

> * Jason and Katie do a final review on the release announcement before handing it off to Jack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Product Management leads do a final review on the release announcement before handing it off to Director of Product Marketing.
```

#### D. \(T-minus 7 working days\) Product Marketing Director Review

> * The PM-approved draft will be provided for review to the Product Marketing Director.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The PM-approved draft will be provided for review to the Director of Product Marketing.
```
